(6.1) Update application access docs (#6055)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/application-access.mdx

---
title: Application Access Guide
description: How to set up and configure Teleport for Application access with SSO and RBAC
---

# Application Access

Teleport Application Access has been designed to provide secure access to

> internal dashboards and applications, building on Teleport's strong foundations

Reviewer: let's remove happy talk here - strong foundations of security and identity

of security and identity.

You can secure any web application using application access:

- Internal control panels.
- Wikis / Tooling that's only available on the VPN.
- Infra dashboards - Kubernetes, Grafana.

> - Developer tools, such as Jenkins, Gitlab or Opsgenie.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Self Hosted Developer tools, such as Jenkins or Gitlab.
```

Reviewer: why self-hosted?
